I'm in my 50's and studying calc on my own (again).  I already studied it back in college and got good grades.  So far I like the book because it also has application of calculus (which my calc book back in college didn't have)
I love the fact that it has an index where you can review things you mightve forgotten about, like trig and logs and even some algebra. Theyre even nice enough to include practice problems with odd answers to them which is just awesome. The material is very easy to follow and the cd included is great if your stuck..however I did have to look for osme outside help for a few choice problems. Having the same text for calc 1 and 2 is just  abonus, because who wants to buy another $100 + book..seriosuly.
This Book is the book that contains calc 1 2 and 3 for Arizona State University at least.  The difference between this book and some of the others like it is that it does have all the chapters in it.  Some of the books only have chapter 1-12 and stop before getting into 3d vector calc.  There is also another book that covers chapters 12-17 which is for calc 3.  This book has all 1-17 chapters for a full three semesters worth of reading.
This book does a very good job at making you understand each section. My teacher is horrible so i've relied on teaching myself everything from the book. The author did a terrific job at giving you detailed explanations and easy to understand. Of course you have to know at least pre-calculus to understand certain terms but you can definitely mangage.
WARNING: Book contains advanced and complex Mathematical problems and teaches skill sets necessary to solve them which may lead to symptoms such as headache, anxiety, insomnia, and irritability.
This book is (was) used by the best colleges in california.  it is complete, well written, and a great book to learn calculus or to have as a reference.if you are in a community college and it is not using this book, or a similar book written by Stewart, i recomend you ask the school to adopt the book, or reference this book while you work with your own book because numerous college programs use or are based on the Stewart book.
a good book. fully recommended! i bought this book to help me to get good results for math 140 and it helps a lot. however, i don't really use some of the examples given because it is in other forms and my school has different formats. but whatever it is this book is great!
I like this book because it was cheaper online than at my campus bookstore. The book is just what I needed to get through class and saved me money. The only dislike about this book is the fact that it doesn't have formula pages in the beginning or at the end of the book. Do all International books come this way? I compared it to other student's books and that was the only difference. I hope they consider adding these formula pages like their other editions.Thanks
As far as math books go, it was fine.  Most people buying this book have to have it for class so there isn't much choice involved.  But I did do well in the class.  It does tend to skip some steps in examples it shows because it assumes you know it or can figure it out, which is tough some times.  I highly suggest to get the solutions manual as well because instead of just the answers to the odd problems, it shows you the steps of how to do the problems.
It really makes Calculus a lot simpler than it appears to be. If you are taking introductory calculus, than this is the book for you. It breaks down large, complicated problems into smaller, simpler problems that are easy to answer. You wouldn't even need an instructor in order to learn calculus with this book.
